RHIDP-4490: Introduce `pluginsWithPermission` information (#818)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/authorization/proc-enabling-the-rbac-plugin.adoc

      users:
        - name: user:default/__<your_policy_administrator_name>__
----
. In order for the {product-short} Web UI to display available permissions provided by installed plugins, add the corresponding plugin IDs to link:{configuring-book-url}[your custom `{my-app-config-file}` {product-short} configuration file].
+
To display available permissions in RBAC UI, edit your custom {product-short} ConfigMap, such as `app-config-rhdh`, and add following code to the `{my-app-config-file}` content:
+
.`{my-app-config-file}` fragment
[source,yaml,subs=+quotes]
----
permission:
  enabled: true
  rbac:
    admin:
      users:
        - name: user:default/__<your_policy_administrator_name>__
    pluginsWithPermission:
      - catalog

>       - scaffolder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - scaffolder
      - permission
```

Can you apply one more default permission, please?

      users:
        - name: user:default/__<your_policy_administrator_name>__
----

> . In order for the {product-short} Web UI to display available permissions provided by installed plugins, the corresponding plugin
> IDs must be added to your custom {product-short} ConfigMap, such as `app-config-rhdh`.

Reviewer 2: Consider avoiding the passive voice, and be one of the first mmodule to use the new attribute and link to the _Configuring_ guide:

```suggestion
. In order for the {product-short} Web UI to display available permissions provided by installed plugins, add the corresponding plugin IDs to link:{configuring-book-url}[your custom `{my-app-config-file}` {product-short} configuration file].
```
